---
description: Below is the list of all the commands & plugin permissions
---

# 📄 Commands & permissions

## Commands

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="175">Command</th><th width="119">Aliases</th><th width="107">Plugin</th><th width="123">Permission</th><th>Notes</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Command</td><td>Aliases</td><td>Plugin</td><td>Permission</td><td>Notes</td></tr><tr><td>/playerserver</td><td>/ps</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.manage</td><td>Gives you the plugin description &#x26; licence info.</td></tr><tr><td><p>/playerserver</p><p>create <strong>&#x3C;template></strong></p></td><td>/ps create</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.manage</td><td><p>Creates a new subserver if you don't already have one. </p><p></p><p>&#x3C;<strong>template</strong>> variable is optional and used to specify template name. If no tmp is specified, and if players just do /ps create, it will simply just create the server with the "default" template.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>/playerserver</p><p>start</p></td><td><p>/ps boot</p><p>/ps enable</p></td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.manage</td><td>If your server is offline, it will try to boot it up.</td></tr><tr><td><p>/playerserver</p><p>delete</p></td><td>/ps remove</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.manage</td><td>At first it asks you to confirm your decesion by repeating the command, that it removes your sub-server and removes you from the database.</td></tr><tr><td><p>/playerserver</p><p>stop</p></td><td><p>/ps shutdown</p><p>/ps forcestop</p><p>/ps disable</p></td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.manage</td><td>Forcefully kills your sub-server. Not recommended at all and can cause some world destruction. Chunks could be damaged.</td></tr><tr><td><p>/playerserver</p><p>join</p></td><td>/ps connect</td><td>Bungee</td><td>none</td><td><p>Connects you to your sub-server and gives</p><p>you your ServerID and a special command that your friends can use to connect to your server.</p></td></tr><tr><td>/psadmin delete &#x3C;uuid></td><td>none</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.admin</td><td><p>Followed by uuid, forcefully kills and</p><p>removes the server with given uuid.</p></td></tr><tr><td>/psadmin stop &#x3C;uuid></td><td>none</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.admin</td><td>Stops the server with the given uuid.</td></tr><tr><td>/psadmin stopall</td><td>none</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.admin</td><td>Stops all the subservers on the network.</td></tr><tr><td>/psadmin start &#x3C;uuid></td><td>none</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.admin</td><td>Starts the server with the given uuid.</td></tr><tr><td>/psadmin node create</td><td>none</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.admin</td><td>Used for creating nodes. Learn more <a href="installation/adding-a-node.md">here</a>.</td></tr><tr><td>/psadmin node manage &#x3C;nodeName> delete</td><td>none</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.admin</td><td>Removes the specified node.</td></tr><tr><td>/psadmin node manage &#x3C;nodeName> list</td><td>none</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.admin</td><td>Lists all the servers under the specified node.</td></tr><tr><td>/psadmin node manage &#x3C;nodeName> stopall</td><td>none</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.admin</td><td>Stops all the servers on the specified node.</td></tr><tr><td>/psadmin node manage &#x3C;nodeName> changeportrange &#x3C;min-port> &#x3C;max-port></td><td>none</td><td>Bungee</td><td>playerservers.admin</td><td>Changes the port range of the specified node.</td></tr><tr><td>/menu</td><td>none</td><td>Server Core</td><td>none</td><td><p>Opens up Server Manager GUI for general</p><p>info and statistics, as well as for installing</p><p>predefined plugins</p></td></tr><tr><td>/config</td><td>none</td><td>Server Core</td><td>none</td><td><p>Opens up config file manager for editing</p><p>config files</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

